# My Journey

The work that I have done throughout the program and working on my ePortfolio have played a big part in showcasing my strengths, which will make me a valuable employee for hire. Through the program, I was able to design and create module programs that will make it easy to collaborate in a team environment, and also working with a diverse number of people to solve problems helped in that aspect as well. There were many times I worked in a team through the program, so I also learned how to properly communicate with people and deliver information that suits the situation, such as communicating with stakeholders or fellow team members. As I moved up in the program, I learned more about data structures and algorithms, such as which algorithms or data structures to use depending on the efficiency or what one is trying to achieve. In one of my classes about AI, I applied a Q-learning algorithm to an agent to reach the end of a maze as fast and efficiently as possible. I also learned how to implement a database and manipulate its data. Using MongoDB and Python, I implemented an animal shelter database to store information on pets and manipulated it by implementing CRUD functions using Python. Security was a paramount part of the program. I have learned how to implement RESTful API to ensure that communications between the client and the server are secure. I put this into practice by creating a website that implements RESTful API to secure the connection in one of my classes.

To further showcase my skills, I have worked on enhancing a project I completed a few years back by updating its design, using a different data structure, and implementing a database. The original artifact I used is a console item inventory management using C++, which allows users to add and display the items. On one of the versions of the enhanced artifact, I updated its design by taking an OOP approach and having separate files while creating a GUI for easy navigation using Raylib. In the next version, I updated the data structure in use instead of the dynamic array that I originally used. I replaced it with a map and implemented more functionality, such as edit and delete. In the last version, I enhanced it by implementing a database using MySQL.

## Projects 
- **Code Review -> [Video](https://youtu.be/nRiu9AYg9zE)**
- **Original Artifact -> [Project](OriginalArtifact/OriginalArtifact.md)**
- **Software Desing Enhancement -> [Project](SoftwareDesign/SoftwareDesign.md)**
- **Data Structure and Algorithm Enhancement -> [Project](DataStructures_Algorithms/DataStructure.md)**
- **Database Enhancement -> [Project](Database/Database.md)**
